# ad-posix-attrs
Autogenerates [RFC2307](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2307.txt) POSIX attributes for existing Active Directory users and groups.

For users the following attributes are updated:
* uidNumber
* gidNumber
* unixHomeDirectory
* loginShell

For groups the following attributes are updated:
* gidNumber

# Configuration
No configuration file is needed by default. If you want to define a custom configuration, put your configuration in `config.json` in the same folder as `add-attrs.ps1`, or use a custom path with `-Config "path-to-config"`. There is an example configuration with default values in [config.json.example](src/config.json.example).

# Use
Run in dry-run mode until you are sure it does the right thing:

    .\add-attrs.ps1 -DryRun

By default add-attrs only adds missing attributes, and never updates POSIX-attributes that are already set, either manually or by some other mechanism. To update missing attributes, just run:

    .\add-attrs.ps1

If you for some reason want to overwrite all exisiting attributes with the values generated by add-attrs, do:

	.\add-attrs.ps1 -Force

Only do this if you know what you are doing! If add-attrs generates other UIDs and GIDs than what you already had, and they have been in use for a while on Unix-like systems, you _will_ mess up your filesystem ownerships and permissions on those systems, and you must manually fix the affected files and directories. Using `-DryRun` is strongly recommended, to be able to verify that the uidNumbers or gidNumbers are not changed, unless that is what you actually intend to do.

# Note about the Administrator user
The Administrator user will by default be ignored, and any existing POSIX attributes cleared. This is to be compatible with the Administrator to root mapping in modern Samba Active Directory Domain Controllers. Administrator will not be mapped to root if it has a uidNumber set. However, if you only have Windows Active Directory Domain Controllers it may make sense to assign POSIX attributes to Administrator too, as this user is no more special to non-Windows hosts than any other domain user in behaviour or access levels. To do this set `-IncludeAdministrator`.
